TODO
- [ ] LLM support
    - vim-ai can't be used, because it blocks while streaming
    - so either handle that streaming, or just write it myself
- [x] better running and creation, simpler
- handle blocked .mode() call somehow, timeout? but how to replicate now to test?
    - looks mostly solved? doesn't happen anymore I think

record some demo
bookmarks can just be changed by swapping the .vim-bookmarks file
   but this seems to require that nvim is inactive during swap, otherwise weird
   stuff happens
   or, the bookmarks could be tmp, and at the end I parse them, and generally have
       a custom way of dealing with them?, nah, complicates things
       !! source of truth and storage for bookmarks is my own storage, and I keep the
       bookmark list in bookmarks.json
       and then I pass them to vim bookmarks, and they handle them
       so I tap into mm and mi commands
       at the end, I use the command that deletes all the bookmarks?
       that's the most freeing solution
       but also less standard
   !! maybe that's the best way to enforce bookmarks for separate folders?
       always copy from/to the first passed dir
       but then, could I merge bookmarks with someone?
look into syncing with syncthing
 or using attach nvim with tcp
 everyone has their own folder
 :set nomodifiable  -  prevent even editing the buffer
for more granular control of bookmarks, each group would need to be a separate folder?
 but also separate nvim session, and I don't want that
 ? but maybe this option could be set https://github.com/MattesGroeger/vim-bookmarks#bookmarks-per-buffer
some handling of dir creation and running and current dir cycling?
    if we pass some folders, program should just handle going to the folder's parent there
    assert that all pased dirs are in one parent dir

mid:
? (have bookmarks per layer folder)
if I even want to optimize, I shouldn't draw all the texts on each keypress
 instead draw onl the changed, and redraw the rest is s was pressed
save web of transitions with timestamps
make ** text bold
box shadows
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13962228/how-do-i-add-a-box-shadow-to-an-element-in-qt
 https://github.com/GvozdevLeonid/BoxShadow-in-PyQt-PySide



low:
polish chars seem to break stuff, because they throuw position out of range,
    they are probably more chars than one
highlight search
if stuff gets too heavy, move back to QTextBrowser, and just have some different color for insert cursor?
 for now, the bottleneck is communication with nvim
solve those weird glitches when moving text around
 they happen only when maximized
unnamed buffers, created with piping something to vim, if they exist, they can fuck stuff up, binding gets incorrect
for >100 lines texts, I still may not be able to jump there
 https://github.com/ggandor/leap.nvim/issues/196
potential redraw speed bottleneck are folds?
    because deleting lines takes ~6ms each
    instead, we could calculate in advance and only draw those necessary
    but that complicates calculations of position - they need to be custom
    so only do it if it feels slow, and double checked in profiler it really is folds
  update: actually this may be false - folding is instant even for large folds

note: custom C-o and C-i only jump between buffers, but not to correct lines

